这个模组仅为娱乐，开发者仅为本人，并且仍然在完善中，致力于让许多奇思妙想实现于游戏模组中，
和灾厄模组游玩时会有部分重写以适配灾厄数值环境。

目前该模组拥有以下系列：
星元剑系列，星元狙击步枪系列，星元法杖系列共30把星元系列武器；
星元套装系列共10套套装，满月徽章系列10个徽章，星元徽章系列10个徽章；
（不擅长美术所以贴图会重复）

此外还有：
近40种其他类型武器，6个其他类型饰品，3种锭，1个套装，两个初步boss。
此外该模组无现有bossAI重写，因此允许在创建世界后加入。
如果有其他任何想法或建议欢迎留言。

近期更新： 

v1.3.1
调整了相当一部分武器在灾厄中的伤害，使这些武器不至于拥有太过离谱的伤害
注意：星元系列武器暂不在本次调整范围内，它们目前为止是暂时默认超模的
为几乎所有物品提供了合适的价钱和稀有度
其中有配方的物品稀有度由材料中最高稀有度决定
价格由所有合成材料价格之和
新增：电流弩，赛泰隆电弩，耀斑阔剑，EMP手枪
新增武器伤害标尺：在设置中可以调整所有本mod武器伤害，默认倍率为1
将所有不消耗弹药的远程武器转化为了专业武器，使其能接受蘑菇矿头盔的加成

v1.3.2
新增新手物品：光之礼
修复利齿在秒杀时不会掉落物品的问题
新增了两个boss在boss checklist模组的提示
新增武器：念心十字斩,巨型齿轮，气球弓
新增饰品：铬钢盾,生命光之翼
新增背包物品：交叉火力

v1.3.3
新增护盾机制
削弱钢铁意志之盾，钢铁誓约之盾，调整铬钢盾

v1.3.4(2025.1.15)
新增蘑菇剑，幽灵长剑
新增武器充能条，部分武器充能伤害可以显示
修改铬钢剑为能量剑形式
调整了满月战士徽章和星元勇气徽章部分效果

v1.3.5
修改望月长剑为能量剑形式
修改部分武器伤害
为几乎所有物品提供了较为合理的价格
修复了许多bug

v1.3.6.1
完善充能条机制
为大量武器展示充能条属性

v1.3.7
新增铬钢弓，M37霰弹枪，激光切割机，铬钢箭

v1.3.8
对追踪算法进行优化，现在更容易锁定重要目标如boss,而非其他目标
对贴图逻辑进行优化，减少内存消耗
重置望月法杖
增强望月套

This mod is developed purely for entertainment, developed by me alone, trying to achieve some imagination in ths mod and still under development. 
When playing with the Calamity mod, some content will be adjusted to fit Calamity's numerical environment.

Currently, this mod includes the following series:
- Stary Sword series, Stary Sniper Rifle series, and Stary Staff series - a total of 30 Stary weapons
- Stary Armor series with 10 sets, Full Moon Emblem series with 10 Emblems, and Stary Emblem series with 10 Emblems
(Art assets may be reused due to limited artistic skills)

Additionally, there are:
- Nearly 40 other types of weapons, 6 accessories, 3 ingots, 1 armor set, and 2 initial bosses
This mod does not rewrite existing boss AI, so it allows joining after creating the mod
If you have any ideas or suggestions, feel free to leave a comment.

Recent updates:

v1.3.1
Adjusted the damage of quite a few weapons in Calamity, so that these weapons won't have ridiculous damage. 
Note: The Stary series weapons are temporarily excluded from this adjustment. They remain intentionally overpowered for now.
Added appropriate prices and rarities for almost all items. 
For items that have recipes, rarity is determined by the highest rarity material.
Price is calculated as the sum of all crafting material prices.
New additions: Electric Ballista, Seitaad Ballista, Solar Sword, EMP Pistol. 
New weapon damage scaler: A setting to adjust damage of all weapons in this mod with default multiplier of 1
Convert all ranged weapons that don't consume ammo in this mod into expert weapons, allowing them to receive bonuses from Shroomite Helmet.

v1.3.2
Added starter item: Gift of Light
Fixed an issue where Sharp Teeth would not drop items when instantly killing enemies
Added support prompts for two bosses in the boss checklist mod
Added weapons: Thoughts Cross Blade, Super Gear, Balloon Bow
Added accessories: Chromium Shield, Life Healing Wings
Added bag item: Cross Fire

v1.3.2.1
Make some adjustments

v1.3.3
Added ECshield System
Weakened IronWillShield, IronOathShield, and adjusted ChromiumShield

v1.3.4(2026.1.15)
Added Shroomite Sword and Spectre sword
Added weapon charge bar, allowing some weapon charge bar to be displayed
Modified Chrome Sword to energy sword form
Adjusted effects of Moon Warrior Emblem and Star Warrior Emblem

v1.3.5
Modified Full Moon Sword to energy sword form
Adjusted damages of some weapons
for almost all items, provided a more reasonable price
fix many bugs

v1.3.6.1
Improve the charge bar system
display charge bar properties for many weapons

v1.3.7
Added Chromium Bow, M37 Shotgun, Laser Cutter, Chromium Arrow

v1.3.8
Optimized the tracking algorithm to make it easier to lock onto important targets such as bosses rather than other targets.
Optimized the texture logic to reduce memory consumption.
Reset the FullMoon Staff.
Enhanced the FullMoon armor set.

